add opensuse-specific instructions to README (#483)
twistedfall/opencv-rust: README.md

`apt install libopencv-dev clang libclang-dev`

#### Opensuse:

> `zypper install opencv-devel clang-devel gcc-c++`

Reviewer: Is `gcc-c++` really needed? In theory clang itself should be enough as a c++ compiler

Author: Yeah, looks like it. It depends on what we assume a typical dev has installed anyways.

I just tried this using a fresh tumbleweed container. I am running the following commands:

1. `podman run --rm -it docker.io/opensuse/tumbleweed:latest`
2. `zypper install git gcc`   <-- I would assume this to be absolute minimum for a dev setup and not worth extra mentioning...
3. `curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh; source "$HOME/.cargo/env"`  <-- same here, need rust to do rust, eh?
4. `zypper install opencv-devel clang-devel` <-- project-specific
5. `git clone https://github.com/twistedfall/opencv-rust/; cd opencv-rust`
6. `cargo build`

And the result is:
```bash
(...)
error occurred: Failed to find tool. Is `c++` installed?
```

which can be fixed by 
8. `zypper install gcc-c++`

Reviewer: Hmm, it might be something Suse specific then. The build script for the crate requires both `libclang.so` and `clang` binary to be present and `clang` should provide both C and C++ compilers. But all right, let's consider it resolved :)

docker build -t rpi-xcompile -f tools/docker/rpi-xcompile.Dockerfile tools
```

Building this image requries `qemu-arm` to be present on the host system and the corresponding `binfmt-misc` set up 
- see e.g. https://wiki.debian.org/QemuUserEmulation, only `Installing packages` should be enough for debian-based distros,

> - for opensuse, install `qemu-linux-user` via zypper to set up the host correctly.

Reviewer: Can you please specify what is meant by "set up the host correctly"?

Author: fair point. 

```suggestion
- for opensuse, run [`zypper install qemu-linux-user`](https://software.opensuse.org/package/qemu-linux-user) to run user space binaries and libraries meant for another architectures.
```

Is this better? This is the wording from the package that needs to be installed. opensuse does not provide `binfmt-support`...

Reviewer: Hmm, I've misread the initial message, I've read "*and* set up the host correctly" thus my confusion, sorry about that! It's good as it is, thank you!
